README.md, before:


![N|Solid](https://github.com/revoxhere/duino-coin/raw/master/Resources/ducobanner.png?raw=true)

# Duino-Coin iOS App (Version 1.1)
### Developed and Maintained By: Fahim Rahman (https://fahimrahman.netlify.app/)
- Last Updated: 7 May 2022
- Further Development: Yes

Duino-Coin is a coin that can be mined with Arduinos, ESP8266/32 boards, Raspberry Pis, computers, and many more (including Wi-Fi routers, smart TVs, smartphones, smartwatches, SBCs, MCUs or even GPUs)


## App Features

### Dashboard: 
  * Username
  * Verified User Status
  * Total Hashrate
  * DUCO Current Price
  * Current DUCO Balance
  * Current USD Balance
  * Total Miners
  * Miners ID
  * Individual Hashrate
  * Difficulty
  * Accepted or Rejected Share
  * Pool Name

### Statistics:
 * Net Hashrate
 * Server Version, CPU Usage, RAM Usage
 * Net Energy Usage
 * Total Registered Users
 * Active Connections
 * Current Difficulty
 * Total Mined
 * Miner Distribution Information

### Transactions:
 * Amount
 * In / Out Indicator
 * Sender Name
 * Recipient Name
 * Time and Date

### Profile: 
 * Profile Picture (Optional)
 * Username
 * DUCO Balance
 * About

## Development Framework:
- SwiftUI

## Installation
- Clone the repo. Install the app using Xcode. Due to apple's restrictions the app is not available on the appstore.

## Usage
- Login:
  Use your DUCO Username and Password to Login. 
  (These credentials are not saved locally and are only used to check If the user is valid or not.)

- Register:
  Go here: https://wallet.duinocoin.com/register.html

## Screenshots:
Login | Dashboard
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://i.postimg.cc/YSqBYgmM/1.png)  |  ![](https://i.postimg.cc/L5Pc23GB/2.png)

Statistics | Transactions
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://i.postimg.cc/RFykkDpZ/3.png)  |  ![](https://i.postimg.cc/ZRWkDScQ/4.png)

Profile | :)
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://i.postimg.cc/zftZjBnW/5.png)


## License
### MIT

Commit message:

login issue solved and ipa file added.

README.md, after:


![N|Solid](https://github.com/revoxhere/duino-coin/raw/master/Resources/ducobanner.png?raw=true)

# Duino-Coin iOS App (Version 1.2)
### Developed and Maintained By: Fahim Rahman (https://fahimrahman.netlify.app/)
- Last Updated: 21 March 2023
- Further Development: Yes

Duino-Coin is a coin that can be mined with Arduinos, ESP8266/32 boards, Raspberry Pis, computers, and many more (including Wi-Fi routers, smart TVs, smartphones, smartwatches, SBCs, MCUs or even GPUs)


## App Features

### Dashboard: 
  * Username
  * Verified User Status
  * Total Hashrate
  * DUCO Current Price
  * Current DUCO Balance
  * Current USD Balance
  * Total Miners
  * Miners ID
  * Individual Hashrate
  * Difficulty
  * Accepted or Rejected Share
  * Pool Name

### Statistics:
 * Net Hashrate
 * Server Version, CPU Usage, RAM Usage
 * Net Energy Usage
 * Total Registered Users
 * Active Connections
 * Current Difficulty
 * Total Mined
 * Miner Distribution Information

### Transactions:
 * Amount
 * In / Out Indicator
 * Sender Name
 * Recipient Name
 * Time and Date

### Profile: 
 * Profile Picture (Optional)
 * Username
 * DUCO Balance
 * About

## Development Framework:
- SwiftUI

## Installation
- Clone the repo. Install the app using Xcode or Use the attached IPA file to install or download it from here: https://i.diawi.com/yL7itA . Due to apple's restrictions the app is not available on the appstore.

## Usage
- Login:
  Use your DUCO Username to Login. (Don't use others username, this may ban your account)
  (These credentials are not saved locally and are only used to check If the user is valid or not.)

- Register:
  Go here: https://wallet.duinocoin.com/register.html

## Screenshots:
Login | Dashboard
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://i.postimg.cc/YSqBYgmM/1.png)  |  ![](https://i.postimg.cc/L5Pc23GB/2.png)

Statistics | Transactions
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://i.postimg.cc/RFykkDpZ/3.png)  |  ![](https://i.postimg.cc/ZRWkDScQ/4.png)

Profile | :)
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![](https://i.postimg.cc/zftZjBnW/5.png)


## License
### MIT
